# TourEasy
## What it does In short, Toureasy is our brand new website for looking into your favorite locations, _getting current updates_  and making your travel super easy! Staying on track helps you plan your time and pack your luggage accordingly. You can go over our top picks for guidance, if you like them, click on them and check them out. Get notified of the current information and plan your stay however it suits you. It's a platform completely made for user's comfort and coziness.
## How we built it
Since none of us have a proper Hackathon experience, this is pretty much our first project. We are really excited to present it to the panel. We've put in hours of hard work and managed to make the final product come out clean and sharp looking. The login and register webpage is made to collect the user credentials for logging into the website. This feature allows trusted reviews about a particular place that the user has already visited. Tourists who are visiting the place for the first time might have numerous issues. They can make use of this particular aspect to get trusted solutions for the problems that they face. The query is sent as a mail to whoever visited that place before through SMTP. APIs such as finding the location of that place and also to fetch the weather conditions are also implemented. We've used Twitter bootstrap to enhance the user experience and for sleek transitions.

## Challenges we ran into
During the initial stages of our development, we hit plenty of obstacles, we had to refer and learn some coding concept from scratch. The _weather API_ we used in our project was a difficult task to do from the beginning. We wanted every part of our site to look personalized and reflect our programming style and not snatched. The backend process was tedious nevertheless when we split the work and taught each other the things we knew, the task at hand became facile. This experience gave us a lot of excitement and sprinkled some confidence for us beginners.

## Accomplishments that we're proud of
Continuing from the previous point all of us learned something new from each other. Knowing we had each other's back succored in finishing the project on time with all the specs we wanted our site to have. None of us ever thought we'd be making APIs and _putting together an entire platform_ within the speculated time. The database we created was an entirely new concept to us. We watched a lot of tutorial videos and went through plenty of sample codes. Even though we *really want to win* and hope the project tips the scales in our favor, we are absolutely content with the type and quality of our final submission.

## What we learned
Before making our project we didn't know how to use phpMyAdmin or MySql, we got an opportunity to learn about making our own customized database. Whatever one team member knew, all of us knew. We emphasized on the event being a _learning experience_ . And that's when we knew we set our priorities straight. Locating the cities on the map with respect to their coordinates and linking them into the index file was quite a bit of a challenge. When we resolved it we learned how to move forward as a team.

## What's next for Toureasy
Seeing the insufficient number of platforms and value of sites like Toureasy we plan to expand our target locations all around the globe and provide a wide array of *dream destinations*. The accessibility factor adds more uniqueness to the project. Considering all this, we've decided to work on the betterment of Toureasy and promote it. No muss, No fuss, Not a single cuss!
